Reference VN instead of duplicating it. (#485)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

{{!QUIC-TLS=RFC9001}}. This split is performed to enable
light-weight versioning with different cryptographic handshakes.

# Enabling Deployment of New Versions

> {{?I-D.draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation}} proposes an extension to QUIC
> that provides compatible version negotiation; see that document for details.

Author: ```suggestion
QUIC version 1 does not specify a version negotiation mechanism in the base
specification, but {{?I-D.draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation}} proposes an
extension that provides compatible version negotiation.

This approach uses a three-stage deployment mechanism, enabling
progressive rollout and experimentation with multiple versions across
a large server deployment. In this approach, all servers in the deployment
must accept connections using a new version (stage 1) before any server
advertises it (stage 2), and authentication of the new version (stage 3)
only proceeds after advertising of that version is completely deployed.

See {{?I-D.draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation}} for details.
```

{{!QUIC-TLS=RFC9001}}. This split is performed to enable
light-weight versioning with different cryptographic handshakes.

# Enabling Deployment of New Versions

QUIC version 1 does not specify a version negotiation mechanism in the base
specification, but {{?I-D.draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation}} proposes an
extension that provides compatible version negotiation.

This approach uses a three-stage deployment mechanism, enabling
progressive rollout and experimentation with multiple versions across
a large server deployment. In this approach, all servers in the deployment
must accept connections using a new version (stage 1) before any server
advertises it (stage 2), and authentication of the new version (stage 3)
only proceeds after advertising of that version is completely deployed.

> See {{?I-D.draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation}} for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See {{Section 5 of ?I-D.draft-ietf-quic-version-negotiation}} for details.
```
